buffalo wings a popular tailgating fare
I've always believed that if something
tastes good baked or sauteed deep-fried
probably tastes even better grilled or
smoked
I love how wood smoke helps you
experience a familiar dish from a new
perspective case in point
buffalo wings Big Smoke more flavor less
fat and to pump up the heat I Electrify
the sauce with Sri Racha and fresh
jalapeno Chili's for chicken wings I'm
using the drumettes that's the first
joint of the wing and when you're
working outdoors keep the chicken over
ice season the chicken with coarse sea
salt and freshly ground black pepper
ground coriander you'll see I have a
pack rim flavor dynamic happening here
and sesame oil and finely chopped fresh
cilantro
now stir the wings to coat well with the
seasonings we're using organic chicken
wings remember where your food comes
from and how it was raised matters as
much as how you smoked it once the wings
are coated with the seasoning cover with
plastic wrap and marinate in the
refrigerator for one hour I'm using a
Bradley Digital smoker today it's fueled
with these hardwood sawdust biscuits and
you simply insert the disc in the chute
it comes down through the hopper where
it's burned on an electric heating plate
and the spent discs fall into a bowl of
water the water serves two purposes it
also keeps the smoking environment humid
which will keep your wings nice and
moist
here are the chicken wings after one
hour of marinating nice nutty aroma
from the sesame oil so arrange the wings
on the smoker rec with the skin side up
it's very important to have the skin
side up the melting fat from the skin
will base the wings as they smoke
buffalo wings were invented at the
Anchor Bar in Buffalo New York
in 1953 okay and I'll put the wings in
the smoker
cooking time one hour and look at these
wings beautiful golden color great smoky
aroma let them rest for a minute
meanwhile I'll melt the butter for the
sauce
arrange your chicken wings on a platter
once the butter has melted add the
jalapeno chillies and chopped fresh
cilantro saute these ingredients until
the chilies are golden brown for the
original buffalo wings the sauce was
melted butter and hot sauce
once the jalapenos begin to brown add a
Sri Racha that is a Thai hot sauce I
like things really spicy so I'm going to
add a lot and stir the sauce into the
jalapenos
this sauce has some firepower wow that's
gorgeous
finally sprinkle the wings with chopped
toasted peanuts I give you buffalo wings
Ryland style let's see how we did hmm oh
man they sure are moist and tender and
really nice heat and that sauce hmm if
you like your wings hot and smoky this
is your ticket